♪During the dark night♪
♪A guiding light♪
♪Just like you♪
♪Makes life turn bright♪
♪Breaking free from darkness♪
♪You gave me strength♪
♪Running for truth♪
♪I find my path♪
♪Drawing on the hope♪
♪That you render me♪
♪In this long journey♪
♪I run on lightly♪
[Reborn]
[Adapted from Qiang Yu's work, Reborn]
[Condition under control]
Qiao Beiyu passed away
on the last Chinese New Year's Eve.
But according to this record,
her condition was stable in December
of the year before.
From stable to gone,
it was less than two months.
That's way too fast.
Do you think
her death wasn't inevitable,
but rather a choice?
What do you mean?
Did Mom and Dad stop the treatment
because they couldn't afford it?
Hey.
That's enough.
Don't forget what you did to Jinrui.
Stop stirring up more trouble.
[Condition under control]
Qiao Beiyu passed away
on the last Chinese New Year's Eve.
From stable to gone,
it was less than two months.
That's way too fast.
[Episode 17]
[Every Family Has Its Troubles]
Mom, it's me.
I'm in Huanzhou.
It's cold.
I brought you and Dad
some thicker clothes.
Qingyu, who told you to come back?
I told you to wait it out
a little longer.
Go back.
I'm in front of the hospital.
I'll leave after giving you the clothes.
It won't take long.
Just go home.
Do not come upstairs.
Just go.
Are you listening?
Mom...
Mom?
Qiao Beiyu!
Aren't you sick?
What are you doing here by yourself?
You should put on a jacket. It is cold.
Do you want to get sick again
before getting well?
Do Mom and Dad know
you're standing in the cold?
What is wrong with you?
Mom and Dad haven't come back
to Shunyun for months
because of your treatment.
The shop's closed,
so we're not making any money.
No one bothered to help
when Yu got into trouble at school.
I had to be there
for the parent-teacher meeting.
You're a grown-up.
Be more mature.
We are all worried about you.
Be more considerate.
Qing.
I am a burden to our family,
and our parents.
You're right.
I'll give them back to you, okay?
Not okay.
Not okay at all.
Money!
All you care about is money!
I don't have any money!
Take my life if you will!
I'm not good enough for you?
You were glad
to spend the money I made!
What more do you want from me?
Let go!
Come out!
You left me with no choice!
What are you doing?
You're driving me to a dead end!
Come here!
How can I live with this?
We might as well both die now!
Die!
No!
Help!
Don't hurt my mom!
Let go!
Mumu! Mumu!
Help her up! Quick!
Mumu!
Mumu! I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry, Mumu!
Thanks.
Does your foot still hurt?
Yeah.
It was worth it.
My dad got me injured,
so my mom went all out
to fight him.
My dad actually got intimidated
and promised to quit drinking.
For the first time in a while,
we had breakfast together.
I guess that's the silver lining.
Touch wood.
Mumu.
The disaster relief charity performance
is tomorrow.
Without the lead dancer, what do we do?
Qingyu,
you're good dancer
and you're familiar with the move sets.
Why don't you be our lead dancer?
I'm not cut out for it.
Give it a shot.
The show tomorrow
is the last performance
Mumu and I will do
before we graduate.
It'd be a shame to perform badly.
You wouldn't want Mumu's hard work
to go down the drain, right?
Come on.
Don't pressure Qingyu.
Fine, I get it.
I'm heading out.
Is the shop shorthanded?
Good for you.
You don't have to do a thing.
I only come home twice a week,
and I have to work for free.
Hey, where are my keys?
Check the sofa.
No, I put it in the bag.
Qingyu, did you see my keys?
Move it, or Mom's going to rant again.
I won't lock the door, then.
Stay home and behave.
Do not go out.
Fine. Just go.
Qingyu.
The show tomorrow
is the last performance
Mumu and I will do before we graduate.
You wouldn't want Mumu's hard work
to go down the drain, right?
- Pinky swear. No take-backs.
Come on, Qing.
Raise your arm.
Raise it.
So amazing!
Beiyu.
When can I dance
as well as you?
When you grow up,
you'll be a far greater dancer
than I am.
Okay. Wait until I grow up.
When I'm old enough,
we'll dance together, okay?
Okay!
Come on.
Let's go.
- Pinky swear. No take-backs.
[Disaster Relief Charity Performance
of Binjiang District, Huanzhou City]
Do we have to repeat
the set before the lead solo
since we don't have a lead dancer?
It might be too boring for the audience.
Yeah.
We need the lead dancer
to elevate the mood of the dance.
Without a lead dancer,
the whole performance will be so dull.
Our priority is to finish the show.
The audience
can tolerate a few flaws.
But that would be embarrassing.
Mumu, let's forget it.
We should quit now.
Yeah. Let's forget about it.
Is it too late to join the club?
I thought we were playing basketball.
Why are we watching a show?
It's on the way to the court anyway.
Let's take a break.
Is there a problem?
Nope.
A big thanks
to the ladies of Victory Street
for the spectacular performance.
Disasters are cruel, but we are not.
Don't be nervous.
From now on,
you're not the caged bird.
You're soaring in the sky.
Take flight.
Our students are concerned
about world events
and the affected areas.
[Disaster Relief Charity Performance]
Next, let's welcome
[of Binjiang District, Huanzhou]
the dance performance
from Huanzhou High School.
"The Song of Youth."
Let's give them a big round of applause.
So that's why you kept us waiting here.
Can you please keep quiet?
Fine.
♪Under the sunlight♪
♪Birds take a fly♪
♪Raise me up, hold me high♪
♪Only you♪
♪During the dark night♪
♪A guiding light♪
♪Just like you♪
♪Makes life turn bright♪
♪Breaking free from darkness♪
♪You gave me strength♪
♪Running for truth♪
♪I find my path♪
♪Drawing on the hope♪
♪That you render me♪
♪In this long journey♪
♪I run lightly♪
If you turn around,
I'll always be there.
Mom, slow down.
What is over there?
Great!
Is that Qingyu?
Wait...
Qiao Qingyu!
Hey.
What's wrong?
Mumu, my mom is here. What now?
Your mom is here? Oh no.
Did you see Qiao Qingyu?
Madam, what are you doing here?
Did you watch our performance?
Where is Qiao Qingyu?
Qingyu? Why would she be here?
Mumu.
Where is Qingyu?
There's no way she can be here.
You must be mistaken.
Perhaps you're right.
Qingyu.
Was it you on the stage today?
I knew it.
Don't worry.
I managed to convince Mom it wasn't you.
Thanks.
Qingyu.
The dance was pretty nice.
You were as good as Beiyu.
Qingyu.
Sit here.
Just sit down.
Meixi set aside a spot for you.
I didn't. Don't be silly.
There are only three of us.
Let's eat lunch together from now on.
Yeah, we can reserve the spot for you.
Thanks.
Let's put the past behind us.
Do not bring it up again.
Fine. We get it.
Qingyu.
Let's check out
the corner shop later.
Fatty meat.
- "How are you?"
- Very good.
This is the practice exercise
for
the TEF and DELF.
We still have some time left.
You may use the time to see
if there is anything
you don't understand.
[Wu]
Mr. Ming's case
seems to have escalated.
You should check on your dad.
[Notice of Suspension
for Pending Investigation]
Make sure patient on Bed 3
doesn't eat 12 hours before surgery.
And the one on Bed 27...
Yanqiu.
There's something
I'd like to talk about.
Yanqiu.
Is what people say about my dad true?
Did he get someone killed
because of money?
The patient was in the late stage
of his sickness.
It was hilar cholangiocarcinoma.
The risk of surgery was too high.
Before she came,
she was rejected by several hospitals.
The patient and her husband
knelt on the floor
and begged your dad to save her life.
Your dad accepted them
despite the objection.
The surgery was a success,
but complications arose afterward.
To save the patient's life,
your dad gave her a second surgery.
Sadly,
the patient didn't make it.
And then,
the patient's in-laws didn't want
to pay the medical bill,
so they blamed your dad
for unnecessary health care.
The hospital suspended him
for further investigation.
Was it worth it
to have done it?
Save that question
for your dad.
The Ming Qiuxin I know
has always silently done
what he thinks is right
with great determination.
Even if he is misunderstood or wronged,
he won't find excuses for himself.
He's the same at work
and in life.
Sheng?
What are you doing here?
I live here.
Why can't I be here?
Of course you can.
I'm only here
to pick up some stuff.
Oh.
Your food is burned.
[A Guide to Studying in France
for Undergraduates]
Since I've got some time
the past few days,
I gathered some info.
Take a look.
If you find it useful,
feel free to take it.
Have you eaten?
Join me.
I learned a few new recipes.
Try my cooking.
Fine.
Great. Wait here.
The shop isn't shorthanded.
Your mom wants you to do your homework,
so I'm here to deliver your meal.
Finish it while it's warm.
What about you?
I've had mine.
Qing.
Hmm?
Have you heard about Jinrui?
People from his workplace heard
about his scandal with Bei.
He quit his job and went missing.
His parents are worried about him.
They've searched everywhere.
So what?
He had it coming.
There's something
your mom wouldn't let me tell you,
but I think you should know.
After you sabotaged Jinrui's wedding,
his parents wasn't going
to let you off.
They were going
to make a scene in your school
so you would have to drop out.
It was Jinrui
who warned them
not to cause you trouble.
Only then did they give up.
Qing.
I do think
Jinrui has made some mistakes,
but he is not an unforgivable villain.
Eat up.
Wang!
Can we go with him as his family?
Is that okay?
Wang!
Is Mumu not here?
She is away
for some family issues.
Mom.
What took you so long to leave school?
Was the class extended again?
Grab a bite.
Well...
Mumu's dad got sick.
I want to visit her.
[Huanzhou People's Hospital]
Cut it out.
Madam, Qingyu, thanks for coming.
Mumu,
we're here to visit your dad.
Have you eaten?
Qingyu,
go grab some food with Mumu.
I'll be right here.
Have some noodles.
My dad has terminal liver cancer.
According to the doctor,
going through chemo
might buy him a few years.
Without the chemo,
he will be gone soon.
When my dad got drunk,
I had wished
for him to die so many times.
But when it's finally happening,
I don't know how to face it.
These days,
he seems like a different person.
He said
he should have
taken better care of himself.
He's not afraid of pain.
He wants the chemo.
But Mom says...
the chemo won't cure him,
and it's too expensive.
We are already deep in debt.
How can we afford to pay the debts?
Qingyu...
I'm about to lose my dad.
What do I do now?
I visited Mumu's dad at the hospital.
Terminal liver cancer.
He can't even have surgery.
He won't be around for much longer.
What about the chemo?
Each treatment costs over ten grand.
They can't afford it.
When you get this disease,
your fate is sealed.
Spending money is pointless.
Indeed.
In the end,
you lose the money and the person.
The whole family suffers.
How miserable.
If I ever get sick,
don't get me treated.
You'd better not get sick.
Hey, use this for massage
when you have the time.
Come on.
It's good for health.
Forget it.
It takes care of the vital organs.
The spleen, the stomach,
and anything of the sort.
I'm busy.
[Medical dispute mediation]
[How to resolve medical dispute]
You know what?
It's Wang from Block 38.
What is it?
The drunkard.
He is sick.
Liver cancer.
Seriously?
Yeah.
He doesn't look that old.
How did he get sick?
Guess what?
The moment he was diagnosed,
his wife made the statement.
"We're not getting the treatment."
But given the situation,
she can't just leave him to die.
She has her reasons.
Madam.
Welcome.
She's here.
I'll have a bowl of plain noodles
to eat here.
And a bowl of pork chop noodles
to go, please.
Sure thing.
Thanks.
Take a seat.
It's quiet here.
I'll be right back.
Plain noodles and pork chop noodles.
Plain noodles.
Here you go.
Thanks.
And the pork chop noodles.
I didn't order the meat.
Eat up. It's okay.
Take care of yourself.
[Outpatient Department]
[Join Us
for the Red Ribbon Campus Tour.]
Miss,
let me give you a hand.
Red Ribbon?
Ms. Le Fan.
Are you a volunteer?
Yeah.
I provide counseling
to those who need it,
helping them integrate
into families and society.
Are you interested?
How about this?
We have volunteer activities
every Saturday.
You are welcome to join.
[Huanzhou Association of AIDS Prevention
and Control]
Have you seen Wang Mumu?
Wang Mumu!
What is it, miss?
Your aunt just called.
She wants you at the hospital.
You know how difficult things are
for this family.
There's nothing I can do.
We know
you are in a tough situation.
We discussed the matter
on our way here.
We will lend you
the money you need
for the treatment.
Mumu's great grades
are setting her up
for an amazing future.
No.
Mumu is just a girl.
You're making her carry her dad's debts.
I won't agree with this.
Nothing works for you!
What is it that you want?
Do you want my son to die?
We are here to solve the problem.
We are a family.
I won't drag Mumu into this.
We are not getting the treatment.
If your son doesn't make it through,
you can come after me.
You heartless wretch!
What's wrong with you?
You've lost your mind!
Stop it!
You're in a hospital.
Fight somewhere else.
Sorry. We'll keep quiet.
It's all right.
We are here to solve the problem.
Mumu.
I've been thinking about the past.
You were still little.
Every year
at the Chinese Lantern Festival,
you, me,
and your mom
would go to the lantern fair together.
You were always a smart kid.
You'd say you were tired after a while.
You reached out
and grabbed me,
wanting me to carry you
so you could ride on my shoulders.
Back then,
we were a happy family
and had a great time.
Do you remember that?
I do.
I know
I've made too many mistakes
over the years.
I've let you
and your mom down.
I deserve
to get sick.
But I am dying.
I don't want to leave you.
Mumu.
I want to see you go to college,
get your first job,
get married, and start a family.
We can't afford the treatment.
I can't trouble you
and your mom anymore.
Mumu, I'm sorry for everything.
I was so wrong.
If...
If I could get another chance,
I'd treat you and your mom well.
Okay?
Mumu...
Here you are.
Thank you.
Do you know that family?
Oh. They've been my neighbors
my entire life.
They live across Grandpa's place.
Was it the same
with the patient who begged my dad
to treat her?
When a person's life reaches the end,
their fate
is in the hands
of their family and doctors.
Hope or despair, it's all determined
by either one of them.
By the way,
the mediation panel decided on a time.
The investigation
of your dad's medical dispute
is next week.
Okay.
Yanqiu,
could you look something up for me?
After Tan Qianqian's passing,
her husband never showed up again.
He won't answer
our phone calls.
But her great-aunt came
and caused some trouble a few times.
They refuse to pay the medical bill
while asking for compensation.
Your dad's medical dispute mediation
was their request.
Did you try searching
for Tan Qianqian's husband?
We did,
but to no avail.
There's something
that was quite peculiar.
Our department received a pack of cash.
It was designated
as payment for Tan Qianqian's bill.
Yet we don't know who sent it.
♪Perhaps♪
♪The more we care,
the more careful we become♪
♪Counting the distance
that separates us♪
♪A single step,
and we'd be closer still♪
♪In the future♪
♪Time will reveal this secret♪
♪Waiting is a silent promise♪
♪That never expires♪
♪Turns out that what's on my mind♪
♪Is your name♪
♪The only stubbornness in my heart♪
♪At first sight♪
♪The future has been determined♪
♪Dreams began to feel real♪
♪Turns out that what's on your mind♪
♪Is a place♪
♪Where the same story is held dear♪
♪Fortunately, I'm not sensible enough♪
♪Courage wasn't late too♪
♪Only then does time not betray
our acquaintance♪